calcite examples/calcite: 15/47
examples/calcite/testAddRedundantSemiJoinRule failure
examples/calcite/testAggregateConstantKeyRule failure
examples/calcite/testAggregateConstantKeyRule2 success
examples/calcite/testAggregateGroupingSetsProjectMerge failure
examples/calcite/testAggregateProjectMerge failure
examples/calcite/testAggregateProjectPullUpConstants failure
examples/calcite/testDecorrelateExists failure
examples/calcite/testDecorrelateTwoExists failure
examples/calcite/testDecorrelateTwoIn failure
examples/calcite/testEmptyAggregate failure
examples/calcite/testEmptyAggregateEmptyKey failure
examples/calcite/testEmptyAggregateEmptyKeyWithAggregateValuesRule failure
examples/calcite/testExpandFilterExists failure
examples/calcite/testExpandFilterExistsSimple failure
examples/calcite/testExpandFilterExistsSimpleAnd failure
examples/calcite/testExpandProjectScalar failure
examples/calcite/testMergeFilter success
examples/calcite/testMergeJoinFilter success
examples/calcite/testMergeUnionAll success
examples/calcite/testPullAggregateThroughUnion failure
examples/calcite/testPullConstantIntoProject failure
examples/calcite/testPullConstantThroughUnion failure
examples/calcite/testPullConstantThroughUnion2 success
examples/calcite/testPullConstantThroughUnion3 success
examples/calcite/testPullFilterThroughAggregate failure
examples/calcite/testPushFilterPastAgg failure
examples/calcite/testPushFilterPastAggTwo failure
examples/calcite/testPushJoinCondDownToProject failure
examples/calcite/testPushJoinThroughUnionOnLeft success
examples/calcite/testPushJoinThroughUnionOnRight success
examples/calcite/testPushProjectPastSetOp success
examples/calcite/testPushSemiJoinPastJoinRuleLeft failure
examples/calcite/testPushSemiJoinPastJoinRuleRight failure
examples/calcite/testReduceConstantsDup failure
examples/calcite/testReduceConstantsNegated failure
examples/calcite/testReduceConstantsNegatedInverted failure
examples/calcite/testRemoveSemiJoin success
examples/calcite/testRemoveSemiJoinRight success
examples/calcite/testRemoveSemiJoinRightWithFilter success
examples/calcite/testRemoveSemiJoinWithFilter success
examples/calcite/testSemiJoinRuleExists failure
examples/calcite/testTransitiveInferenceAggregate failure
examples/calcite/testTransitiveInferenceConjunctInPullUp failure
examples/calcite/testTransitiveInferenceJoin success
examples/calcite/testTransitiveInferenceJoin3wayAgg failure
examples/calcite/testTransitiveInferenceProject success
examples/calcite/testUnionToDistinctRule failure
