sqlrewrites examples/sqlrewrites: 13/22
examples/sqlrewrites/CQExample0 failure
examples/sqlrewrites/CQExample1 failure
examples/sqlrewrites/SelfJoin0 failure
examples/sqlrewrites/SelfJoin1 failure
examples/sqlrewrites/SelfJoin2 failure
examples/sqlrewrites/aggOnExpr success
examples/sqlrewrites/commutativeSelect success
examples/sqlrewrites/conjunctSelect success
examples/sqlrewrites/countProject failure
examples/sqlrewrites/disjointSelect failure
examples/sqlrewrites/havingToWhere success
examples/sqlrewrites/idempotentSelect success
examples/sqlrewrites/inlineCorrelatedSubqueries failure
examples/sqlrewrites/joinCommute success
examples/sqlrewrites/productDistributesOverUnion success
examples/sqlrewrites/projectJoinTranspose success
examples/sqlrewrites/projectionDistributesOverUnion success
examples/sqlrewrites/pullsubquery failure
examples/sqlrewrites/pushProj success
examples/sqlrewrites/pushdownSelect success
examples/sqlrewrites/timesAndDiv success
examples/sqlrewrites/unionEmpty success
